Processing-Hero
===============
  Our group is creating a game called “Processing Hero.” It is a spin-off of the popular game “Guitar Hero.” At the beginning of the game, there will be a start screen. Players will click the “Play” button to move from the start screen to the character selection screen. Here, they will use the arrow keys to choose their player. After their player is selected, they will be brought to a screen where they can choose what guitar to play with. Next, they will choose their song. Their song will depend on what guitar they have selected. After they have chosen their guitar, the game will begin. A transparent instruction screen will appear explaining which keys to press for which notes. Notes will begin to fall down the screen, and the player will have to click specific keys to play the song. Their character can be seen on the side of the screen playing their guitar. If a note is missed, the score will decrease. Every time a note is hit, the score will increase. If the score reaches a low level, the song will stop playing and text will appear making you aware of how horrible you are at this game. If you complete the song with a good score, you will be congratulated. 
  The target audience for this game is anyone who likes music and enjoys a challenge. Warning: this game is not for the sensitive. It is competitive. Kristie Elbert will be the Code Monkey. Samantha Moore will be the Project Manager. Caitlin Welsh will be the Graphic Designer and UI. Emma Chen will be the QA Bug Tester. 
